Update Docs (#157)
nautobot/nautobot-app-design-builder: docs/user/design_development.md

Design files specifies a list of Jinja template that should be used to produce the input for the design builder. The builder will resolve the files' locations relative to the location of the design job class. Exactly one of `design_file` or `design_files` must be present in the design's Metadata. If `design_files` is used for a list of design templates, each one is evaluated in order. The same context and builder are used for all files. Since a single builder instance is used, references can be created in one design file and then accessed in a later design file.

### `design_mode`

> It defines how this design is going to be tracked in Nautobot. By default, it uses the `CLASSIC` mode that has no tracking of objects created (for backwards compatibility), but it can use the new `DEPLOYMENT` mode that allows every design deployment to implement a full lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `design_mode` indicates how this design's state will be tracked in Nautobot. By default, the design mode is set to CLASSIC` mode, which means that objects are created in an ad-hoc fashion and no change sets are created. Classic mode is how all designs worked prior to the introduction of the design lifecycle features. If a design is intended to be tracked as a deployment, then design mode should be set to `DEPLOYMENT` in order to implement the full lifecycle.
```

> The `design_mode` indicates how this design's state will be tracked in Nautobot. By default, the design mode is set to CLASSIC` mode, which means that objects are created in an ad-hoc fashion and no change sets are created. Classic mode is how all designs worked prior to the introduction of the design lifecycle features. If a design is intended to be tracked as a deployment, then design mode should be set to `DEPLOYMENT` in order to implement the full lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `design_mode` indicates how this design's state will be tracked in Nautobot. By default, the design mode is set to `CLASSIC` mode, which means that objects are created in an ad-hoc fashion and no change sets are created. Classic mode is how all designs worked prior to the introduction of the design lifecycle features. If a design is intended to be tracked as a deployment, then design mode should be set to `DEPLOYMENT` in order to implement the full lifecycle.
```
